#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--no-binary psycopg2

aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via graphene
certifi==2020.6.20
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.3
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via django-import-export
django==2.2.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-sortable
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-mailer
    #   django-sequences
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   graphene-django
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-admin-sortable==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail==8.1
    # via django-ilmoitin
django-cors-headers==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enumfields==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-graphql-jwt==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-ilmoitin==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mailer==2.0.1
    # via django-ilmoitin
django-parler==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ilmoitin
django-sequences==2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-oidc-auth==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-helusers
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
ecdsa==0.14.1
    # via python-jose
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
future==0.18.2
    # via pyjwkest
graphene==2.1.8
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphene-federation
graphene-django==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-graphql-jwt
graphene-federation==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via graphene
helsinki-profile-gdpr-api==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via django-ilmoitin
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via django-mailer
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.0.5
    # via tablib
pillow==8.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.9.9
    # via pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via drf-oidc-auth
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   social-auth-core
python-jose==3.2.0
    # via django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2020.4
    # via django
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
requests==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via social-auth-core
rsa==4.6
    # via python-jose
rx==1.6.1
    # via graphql-core
sentry-sdk==0.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
singledispatch==3.4.0.3
    # via graphene-django
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   django-mailer
    #   ecdsa
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   promise
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-jose
    #   singledispatch
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   social-auth-core
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==3.3.3
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==2.0.0
    # via django-import-export
unidecode==1.1.1
    # via graphene-django
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
